hey what's up guys my name is Eric Shaw
and today i'm bringing you team
deathmatch on the map firing range this
is episode two of unconventional warfare
where i'm going to be using some weird
funky stupid retarded whatever name you
want to give it the weird thumbs weird
setups in order to bring exciting
gameplay um today as you can see i'm
going to use the commando with the
infrared scope that infrared scope yeah
that's right this scope is steadily
since bad you're not going to want to
use it if you're trying to like impress
your friends with an impressive score 50
and 370 two and one Wow 70 good one
that's impossible anyways infer it's
more of a novelty or not it's it's not
useful in any aspect according to me in
my humble opinion of course so what's
good about it what's why would anyone
use a commando so um what it does is it
gives you range it gives you two bars of
range on little black ops weapon little
stats thing and also gives you better
visibility that all the enemies in the
scope will glow white unless of course
they're fruitcakes like me which use a
ghost pro I'm not proud of using ghost
but it's the only way I could get a
decent game play with a gun with such a
disadvantage like this uh it's not good
at short short range at all that short
range you're better off hip firing like
I just did because um it takes so long
to actually spot um enter the scope and
shoot someone that um you're much better
off hip firing but what it is good at is
it's good at long range encounters
hour-long mid-range encounters because
you have the advantage with the extra
range and also you have the advantage
because you could be more accurate with
the added um with the added range wow I
sound repetitive if I sound stupid okay
so also with these Willie Pete's in this
room it I would have been pretty
to stay in there because I would have
spotted them using infrared but I I
don't know I guess instinct I don't I
like to be in a clear room because
usually I don't use guns with the
infrared scope and as you just saw it's
quite easy to lose gunfights using this
attachment because it really decreases
your firepower it decreases the UM the
speed at which you can move while aiming
down the sights and so and just knife
that guy in the back but of course the
added visibility is a plus but besides
that it has a lot of cons because ghost
again if you're facing a team with all
ghost pro it's pretty much useless and
it's only good this attachments only
good on one-on-one like gunfights
because if you're facing three or four
people the it's just not going to work
say the least you probably know what I'm
talking about right okay so what I'm
using this game is ghost pro like I
already mentioned sleight of hand pro
which is an absolute must if you want to
do good with the infrared scope see what
the infrared scope does is it lowers
your abs um time ABS standing for of
course aim down the sights so it's going
to take you extra long to aim down the
sights and in that case you're probably
going to lose gunfights but with sleight
of hand you can pretty much counter out
counter the effects of the infrared aim
down the sights and it brings it back to
regular assault rifle speed hey guys
just died in my face but anyway anyways
guys on third perk is tactical mask pro
which is pretty useful if you're not
nope it's pretty useful if you're going
to rush because most of the time when
you play this game there's going to be
campers in the rooms in room such as
this and they're going to be sitting in
a corner trying to catch you off guard
and a lot of times you're going to run
into a room throwing a concussion and
you get the hit markers you're like ok
they're in there somewhere but you have
no clue where they are and most of the
time they're still going to kill you
but we tak mess pro it tells you where
they are so you're ready you're you
catch them on guard and then after you
kill me of course t-bag their freakin
bodies which is not what I do but it
seems like a fun thing to do ok so the
infrared I'm going to talk about the
gameplay now um you want it if you're
ever using this attachment I recommend
staying you don't want to rush like I'm
doing in this game I mean this game is
decent in like the score that I go but
other than that it's not a it's not
super impressive as in like you know
what I'm talking about if you want to
get super high scores you use a famas
silence do something cheap like that
yeah it's not cheap but in my opinion I
hate silenced weapons it just sounds
stupid I like the rumble of the gunfire
it gives me satisfaction when I mowed
down someone in this game and this guy
is camping right there and he gets me
that's something i hate about this game
is that there's campers and then most of
the time they're gonna get you off guard
is I don't know it just takes away the
fun of the game when you're sitting in a
corner for me it's funner to UM run
around using these weird guns that no
one uses and hopefully you think it's
fun to watch too um so I'm right now I'm
just trying to find people because I'm
probably gonna go out to rush because
this pretty ok if you don't know
anything about this map its firing range
it's a pretty small map which is not
ideal for using infrared scope on
infrared scope you're much more better
off using submachine guns are ya
submachine guns with rapid fire okay
guys so this game place coming to an end
I hope you enjoyed it please click press
like if you liked it and comment telling
me what gun you would like to see me use
anyways um subscribe for more
unconventional gameplay
ah that's about it this is arrow shot
over and out